[jaeger-v2] add badger e2e integration test (#5355)
jaegertracing/jaeger: cmd/jaeger/internal/integration/storagecleaner/README.md

# storage_cleaner

> This module implements an extension that allows purging the backend storage by exposing a HTTP endpoint for making POST requests. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module implements an extension that allows purging the backend storage by making an HTTP POST request to it. 
```

The storage_cleaner extension is intended to be used only in tests, providing a way to clear the storage between test runs. Making a POST request to the exposed endpoint will delete all data in storage.

```mermaid
flowchart LR
    Receiver --> Processor
    Processor --> Exporter
    JaegerStorageExension -->|"(1) get storage"| Exporter

>     Exporter -->|"(2) write trace"| Badger

Reviewer: suggest replacing `Badger` with `Storage`, and `Badger_e2e_test` with `E2E_test`

    Badger_e2e_test -->|"(1) POST /purge"| HTTP_endpoint
    JaegerStorageExension -->|"(2) getStorage()"| HTTP_endpoint

>     HTTP_endpoint -.->|"(3) storage.(*Badger).Purge()"| Badger

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    HTTP_endpoint -.->|"(3) storage.(*storage.Purger).Purge()"| Badger
```

    subgraph Jaeger Collector
        Receiver
        Processor
        Exporter
        
        Badger

>         BadgerCleanerExtension

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        StorageCleanerExtension
```

        HTTP_endpoint
        subgraph JaegerStorageExension
            Badger
        end
        subgraph BadgerCleanerExtension
            HTTP_endpoint
        end
    end
```

# Getting Started

The following settings are required:

- `trace_storage` : name of a storage backend defined in `jaegerstorage` extension

```yaml
extensions:
  storage_cleaner:

>     trace_storage: external-storage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    trace_storage: storage_name
```
